Mm so, kick it to see again.
Yeah, yeah. It's going great. I love making pieces
I have one that I'm supposed to make tomorrow.
I reply*** yes today, I was supposed to make one yesterday, right?
and then I buff my boss here at school.
Ssss. It it, who is going ah to robotics?
Freshman, had the worst, single handedly the worst rhythm and attendance.
Actually, Ranjin's attendance wasn't bad. Millen's was horrible.
He was gone for like a week like three weeks before talent show and he was has like probably worse rhythm
Second worst is, hence is, Tristan Apodario, but he's fine because he actually...
plays Taiko like outside of Taiko, like plays the game and has a sense of rhythm.
No one does it?
And then Naranjan, his attendance was great, but like
For all the meetings we pulled up to, they were regularly like two hour practices.
It was just me, him, and Kai.
And then it would still happen where he wouldn't be able to fix like a single mistake.
Like we were gonna have the same mistake the entire time for him and he wouldn't be able to figure it.
Oh my god, well, how this sent *** oh cuz he sent a free drive***
He volunteered for that. He volunteered for it. He was like, you know what?
Actually, Tycho won't be at that much of a deal. I mean, bro.
But Niranjan got out of the way. He resigned from being a coach.
Guess who did it?
Oh, Milan got forced to step off anyway because he was sick during ILTs.
But he still keeps trying to do robotics when he really
Didn't he do, which was a giant
They're both programmers from Platform 2.
Oh, did he *** a part of this?
Let me see. So there's performance.
which includes Taekwondo and there's culture which is
gardening and stuff and I think
Activities, camps, maybe?
Yeah, because your DOP, DOC, DOI.
Activities is like the actual club stuff with like
General meetings and a banquet and just
the stuff that actually happens that people see really
Culture ha works with them, I guess.
And then also there's other stuff like exchange I think. I don't know.
I don't pay attention during cabin crews very much, I'm not gonna lie.
Oh yeah, just the outline.
No like, Jane and Caller are great paladins.
Like they leave the meeting as well and like keep stuff
organized compared to whatever the hell is going on for robotics.
Because that's my perspective, I see this and I see that
So as far as my time is concerned, this is very organized.
We have meetings make it a lot easier to get things done
And it's also a lot more consistent than whatever the hell robotics is going on.
Yeah, I don't know what was going on that.
I remember last year it was consistent because they said like oh yeah no just every other week on Monday or whatever
And this year, I don't know what our current...
President's arguing.
So it just FTC meeting.
It's fair enough to be a romantic scene, but also, the rest of the club does matter?
Because a lot of people rely on it for SNHS stuff.
And also people, there's a lot of like just middle schoolers back here.
because they also kind of just put the entirety of middle school on hold for FEC season
you
Which they alright, FLO season over. No more FLO stuff. ah mentors didn't do anything, I don't think
And then we also like we also did a lot less general meetings.
Yeah, I wonder who's fault that was.
But then, like, that's also a thing a lot of those boys pull up to because they don't have anything else to do with their lives.
And that also just quite doesn't cook them and ever wants might have
considerably less of a future in two years.
No, cuz  already heard about like, they're struggling with mentors for RPIX and Robocamp?
For sure, I don't think they are anymore but like
It worked for a bit. I think a lot of middle schoolers who are dedicated just like
are just grasping for every straw they can and then that's how they get input and stuff
The food's a lot, also a lot, lot of people who just aren't interested in that anymore.
to probably would have been otherwise